docs: document sourcemap logging with custom event handlers for browser based scenarios (#335)
algorandfoundation/algokit-utils-ts: docs/capabilities/debugging.md

## Debugging in `browser` environment

Note: `algokit-utils-ts-debug` cannot be used in browser environments. However, you can still obtain and persist simulation traces from the browser's `Console` tab when submitting transactions using the algokit-utils-ts package. To enable this functionality, activate debug mode in the algokit-utils-ts config as described in the [getting started](./docs/code/getting-started.md) guide.

### Subscribe to the `simulate` response event

> After setting the `debug` flag to true in the [configuration](#configuration) section, subscribe to the `simulate` response event as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After setting the `debug` flag to true in the [configuration](#configuration) section, subscribe to the `TxnGroupSimulated` event as follows:
```

```ts
import { AVMTracesEventData, Config, EventType } from '@algorandfoundation/algokit-utils'

Config.events.on(EventType.TxnGroupSimulated, (eventData: AVMTracesEventData) => {
  Config.logger.info(JSON.stringify(eventData.simulateResponse.get_obj_for_encoding(), null, 2))
})
```

> This will output the simulation traces emitted by the `algokit-utils-ts` package. Place this code immediately after the `Config.configure` call to ensure it executes before any transactions are submitted for simulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will output any simulation traces that have been emitted whilst calling your app. Place this code immediately after the `Config.configure` call to ensure it executes before any transactions are submitted for simulation.
```

### Save simulation trace responses from the browser

With the event handler configured, follow these steps to save simulation trace responses:

1. Open your browser's `Console` tab
2. Submit the transaction

> 3. Look for the message: `(Optional) Save content to your local file system to use with AlgoKit AVM Debugger`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 4. Copy the simulation request `JSON` and save it to a file with the extension `.trace.avm.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Copy the simulation request `JSON` and save it to a file with the extension `.trace.avm.json`
```

> 5. Place the file in the `debug_traces` folder of your AlgoKit contract project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Place the file in the `debug_traces` folder of your AlgoKit contract project
```
